homeschool 

1 - benefits 
	- proximity w classmates, teachers
	- help each other after class 
	- 
2 - cons 
	- far from family
	- not free to do whatever you want after school








Homeschooling takes place outside of a traditional school setting as students learn in their own home. It comes with certain benefits as well as different challenges. 1 Homeschooling Argumentative Essay Before we can discuss if Homeschooling is beneficial or harmful for a students life we must understand what Home schooling entails.

I -

First of all, one the best benefit of homeschooling is the bond that develops between the student and the teacher—typically their parent. School is so close that it’s an easy place for students to feel comfortable enough to ask questions or give their opinion without fear of being judged. In homeschool groups or co-ops, too, students typically work together closely beside peers, providing lots of opportunities to assist one another post lesson. This can lead to deeper understanding and stronger bonds between learners.

Homeschooling can be a more individualized approach to education. Ensuring each child receives the support they need to excel, paced to fit their style of learning. Additionally, the schedule of homeschooling is flexible allowing the students to have more time to work on extracurricular activities or hobbies that are part of their overall education.

II -

Thus, while homeschooling has its advantages, it also has significant disadvantages. There are several key challenges, one of which is possible distance from extended family or the community at large once, in this case, a family moves, or if it joins a co-op that’s somewhat outside their immediate area. This could leave patients especially feeling cut off, something that can take a heavy toll on children, who flourish on socializing with family and friends.
Moreover, homeschoolers need to establish a more formal home environment so, technically, kids at home may not have at their disposal the initial opportunities to study at their own convenience after school. Unlike students at a traditional school who can escape academic responsibility once they leave class, homeschoolers tend to remain in a space in which the division between study and leisure is less distinct.

Homeschoolers may struggle to build a large social circle, as they often are not exposed to broad diversity of peers. Co-ops and group activities can help, but they may not come close to the social experience of a traditional school environment.

In Conclusion, there are several benefits of home education such as, enhanced academic concentration and flexibility. But, it has shortcomings as well, such as decreased social activity and less freedom after study hours. However, in these circumstances, families who are thinking about homeschooling should be able to address this issue by first considering all of these points and investigating whether such a schooling system would fit their child’s needs.

